## What is the difference between them?
`dpkg` -> Debian PacKage manager
- if there's a dependency not installed then the the installation process would fail
- will not track dependencies

`apt-get`
- Install both the software and its dependencies
- Installs from their respective repositories
- tracks dependencies
	- the more software we install, the more `apt-get` should track
		- `apt-get` will get slower
- Can't remove softwares in a clean way

`apt`
- Like `apt-get`
- Installs from their respective repositories
- Faster and more effective than `apt-get`
- Has a way to remove packages cleanly

 Syntax of `apt` and `apt-get` is the same.


### What are the `apt/apt-get` repositories?
They are trusted servers that host common and needed softwares that a linux user may 
want to install them. every distro has its own repositories.
Debian -> Debian Mirrors
Ubuntu -> Canonical Mirrors

#### Where are they?

```
	cd /etc/apt/
		sources.list # Distro's mirror
		sources.list.d # softwares that have their own repository
```


### How to install a package?
#### `apt`
##### Check if `apt` has it in their repositories.
```
	apt search package_name # Chack if package is available

	apt list package_name # More info of the package
	apt list -a package_name # -a -> shows the all available versions
```

##### If available then just install.
```
	apt install package_name
```





#### `dpkg`
You can install all `.deb` files with this utility.
```
	sudo dpkg --install package.deb
	sudo dpkg --install google.chrome.deb
```
### How to update my system?

```
	sudo apt update
	sudo apt upgrade
```

### How to upgrade my distro?
```
	sudo apt dist-upgrade
```

### How to remove a package?
#### `apt`
```
	sudo apt remove package_name
```

Sometimes when you delete a package its dependencies aren't used by any other
package so you can delete them to free up storage. (You will be prompted)

```
	sudo apt autoremove
```
#### `dpkg`
```
	sudo dpkg --remove chrome
```


----




